my time is a junior. Also, how I lead by example was multiple ways, but
I sure believe getting out standing watches We had long underway watches
68 hours at a shop, going down and tracing the system's understanding
with men. Women are doing on the watch in the engineering holes,
and I would walk the deck a lot of times I would just walk Dex,
see what the mission Waas. What is the messenger of the watch? Go
call down to a woman should go down to after steering. Don't slough
it off. What? Someone else? Do it. Pick up the wash law and go stand
the watch. Go and stand the death. It's easy. A lot of times just go
back to your stable and call it a night. Or you could take one more
hour. Get down to engineering room, walked Dex. Um, department had
No, no. This is, for example, of division officers. But as department
head, as chief engineer, I was able one time walk down, and I found
out that, you know, one of my head the officers had been working
on trying to solve auxiliary problem. For about three hours. He was
down there all by himself. So I spent another two hours with, So that
meant he was there for five hours total. Why was two hours, five hours?
I fried. We finally got it right. Got it figured out. We got three
settles and putting out, uh, expected. How's that? It was supposed
to deliver. It was a matter of getting the old right caskets over
a place mat 0.1 of the master chief's that was on coming watch comes
down. Finds out chief engineer just spent two hours in four day gang
room. You know, he was not the best tree was like the fact that
I have done a very much admired if I was very upset that the chief engineer
was wandering around the space is high school, But I don't love
that. Ben. Chief engineer took out time topside. He had been in
the log where he could have been elsewhere doing things, but I took
time out. I always take a time out to see what your engineers doing
See with the boasting nature to take time to walk around, uh, management
by walking out and be w. That will get you a lot off traction with
your division